docs/GITHUB_COMMIT_ISSUE.md, before:

# GitHub Commit Issue Documentation

## Problem Faced
When trying to push changes to the GitHub repository, we encountered the following error:

```
error: RPC failed; HTTP 400 curl 22 The requested URL returned error: 400
send-pack: unexpected disconnect while reading sideband packet
fatal: the remote end hung up unexpectedly
fatal: the remote end hung up unexpectedly
Everything up-to-date
```

This prevented us from pushing our local commits to GitHub.

## Things We Tried
- Checked internet connection and GitHub status
- Tried pushing smaller commits
- Verified repository URL and authentication
- Attempted to re-clone the repository
- Checked for large files and cleaned up unnecessary files
- Searched for similar issues on GitHub and Stack Overflow

## Solution (from Stack Overflow)
The issue was due to the default HTTP post buffer size being too small for the amount of data being pushed. The following command, suggested on Stack Overflow, fixed the problem:

```
git config --global http.postBuffer 524288000
```

This increases the buffer size to 500MB, allowing larger pushes to succeed.

## Summary
- The error was caused by a buffer size limit in Git
- Increasing the buffer size with `git config --global http.postBuffer 524288000` resolved the issue
- After this change, pushes to GitHub worked as expected

**Reference:**
- [Stack Overflow: git push error: RPC failed; HTTP 400 curl 22 The requested URL returned error: 400](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38768454/git-push-error-rpc-failed-http-400-curl-22-the-requested-url-returned-error-400)

Commit message:

Add git buffer cleanup instructions to deployment docs
- Added command to reset git buffer after deployment: git config --global --unset http.postBuffer
- Updated deploy-commands.sh with cleanup tip immediately after buffer setup
- Updated troubleshooting section with reset command
- Enhanced GITHUB_COMMIT_ISSUE.md with optional cleanup section
- Ensures clean git configuration after deployment is complete

docs/GITHUB_COMMIT_ISSUE.md, after:

# GitHub Commit Issue Documentation

## Problem Faced
When trying to push changes to the GitHub repository, we encountered the following error:

```
error: RPC failed; HTTP 400 curl 22 The requested URL returned error: 400
send-pack: unexpected disconnect while reading sideband packet
fatal: the remote end hung up unexpectedly
fatal: the remote end hung up unexpectedly
Everything up-to-date
```

This prevented us from pushing our local commits to GitHub.

## Things We Tried
- Checked internet connection and GitHub status
- Tried pushing smaller commits
- Verified repository URL and authentication
- Attempted to re-clone the repository
- Checked for large files and cleaned up unnecessary files
- Searched for similar issues on GitHub and Stack Overflow

## Solution (from Stack Overflow)
The issue was due to the default HTTP post buffer size being too small for the amount of data being pushed. The following command, suggested on Stack Overflow, fixed the problem:

```
git config --global http.postBuffer 524288000
```

This increases the buffer size to 500MB, allowing larger pushes to succeed.

## Cleanup (Optional)
After successful deployment, you can reset the git buffer to its default value:

```
git config --global --unset http.postBuffer
```

This removes the custom buffer size setting and returns git to its default behavior.

## Summary
- The error was caused by a buffer size limit in Git
- Increasing the buffer size with `git config --global http.postBuffer 524288000` resolved the issue
- After this change, pushes to GitHub worked as expected
- Optional: Reset to default after deployment with `git config --global --unset http.postBuffer`

**Reference:**
- [Stack Overflow: git push error: RPC failed; HTTP 400 curl 22 The requested URL returned error: 400](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38768454/git-push-error-rpc-failed-http-400-curl-22-the-requested-url-returned-error-400)
